## \# APM Invoice System

The APM (Accounts Payable Management) Invoice System is a web-based
application designed to streamline and manage the invoice processing
workflow within an organization\'s accounts payable department. This
system helps businesses efficiently handle incoming invoices, track
payment status, and ensure compliance with financial processes.

### \## Table of Contents

\- \[Features\](#features)

\- \[Getting Started\](#getting-started)

\- \[Usage\](#usage)

\- \[Contributing\](#contributing)

\- \[License\](#license)

### \## Features

1\. \*\*Invoice Submission:\*\* Users can submit invoices
electronically, eliminating the need for paper invoices.

2\. \*\*Invoice Approval Workflow:\*\* The system supports customizable
approval workflows, allowing invoices to be reviewed and approved by
designated personnel.

3\. \*\*Invoice Tracking:\*\* Users can track the status of invoices at
various stages of the approval and payment process.

4\. \*\*Vendor Management:\*\* Manage vendor information and maintain a
database of approved suppliers.

5\. \*\*Payment Processing:\*\* Automate payment processing for approved
invoices, including check, ACH, or wire transfers.

6\. \*\*Reporting and Analytics:\*\* Generate reports and gain insights
into invoice processing efficiency and financial performance.

7\. \*\*Compliance and Audit:\*\* Maintain records for auditing purposes
and ensure compliance with financial regulations.

### \## Getting Started

To get started with the APM Invoice System, follow these steps:

1\. \*\*Installation:\*\* Clone this repository to your local machine.

\`\`\`bash

git clone https://github.com/AllanMusinguzi/apm-invoice-system.git

**Configuration**: Configure the application settings, including
database connections and email notifications, as specified in the
documentation.

**Database Setup**: Initialize the database schema using the provided
SQL script.

**Dependencies**: Install the required dependencies by running:

bash

*\$npm install*

**Start the Application**: Launch the application using:

\_ \_bash

 * \$npm start*

**Access the Application**: Open a web browser and navigate to
http://localhost:3000 to access the APM Invoice System.

### Usage

**User Roles**: The system supports different user roles such as
accounts payable clerks, approvers, and administrators. Each role has
specific permissions and responsibilities.

**Submitting Invoices**: Accounts payable clerks can submit invoices by
uploading them to the system. They provide necessary details like vendor
information, invoice amount, and due date.

**Approval Workflow**: Invoices go through an approval workflow, where
designated approvers review and approve them. Approvers can add comments
or request modifications if necessary.

**Payment Processing**: Once invoices are approved, the system automates
payment processing based on the configured payment method.

**Reporting**: Users can generate reports to analyze invoice processing
efficiency and financial data.

### Contributing

We welcome contributions from the community. To contribute to the APM
Invoice System, please follow our [Contribution
Guidelines](https://github.com/AllanMusinguzi/apm_invoice/blob/main/Contribution%20guidelines.txt).

### License

This project is licensed under the [MIT
License](https://github.com/AllanMusinguzi/apm_invoice/blob/main/MIT%20License).

### Acknowledgments

We would like to thank the open-source community for their contributions
and support in developing the APM Invoice System.
